NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          5h32m
pod/prometheus-grafana-869f594b75-6zrn4                      3/3     Running   0          5h33m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-5cd5cbfd94-mk8mr     1/1     Running   0          5h33m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-8674d7b847-6lq8m           1/1     Running   0          5h33m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          5h32m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-7bt7w                1/1     Running   0          5h33m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None            <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   5h32m
service/prometheus-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.98.179.143   <none>        80/TCP                       5h33m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.109.79.172   <none>        9093/TCP                     5h33m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.103.151.87   <none>        443/TCP                      5h33m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.101.160.26   <none>        9090/TCP                     5h33m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.101.229.76   <none>        8080/TCP                     5h33m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None            <none>        9090/TCP                     5h32m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.106.87.9     <none>        9100/TCP                     5h33m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           <none>          5h33m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           5h33m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           5h33m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           5h33m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-869f594b75                    1         1         1       5h33m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-5cd5cbfd94   1         1         1       5h33m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-8674d7b847         1         1         1       5h33m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     5h32m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     5h32m
